Improve readme and associated documentation (#857)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-kubernetes: _about/ISSUES.md

   consolidated to one thread, so do a quick search on existing requests to
   check if anybody else has reported the same thing. You can [scope searches by
      the label "enhancement"](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-kubernetes/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aenhancement) to help narrow things down.

 - [ ] __Include a use case description__: In addition to describing the
   behavior of the feature you'd like to see added, it's helpful to also lay
   out the reason why the feature would be important and how it would benefit
   Terraform users.

## Issue Lifecycle

1. The issue is reported on Github.

2. The issue is verified and categorized by a Terraform collaborator.
   Categorization is done via GitHub labels. We use
   one of `bug`, `enhancement`, `documentation`, or `question` using some automated workflows.

3. An initial triage process determines whether the issue is critical and must
    be addressed immediately, or can be left open for community discussion. In this step, we typically assign a size estimate to the work involved for that issue for our reference. We'll label the issue `acknowledged` when we've run through this step.

> 4. The issue queued in our backlog to be addressed in a pull request or commit. The issue number will be

Reviewer: I added a few words to help clarify the meaning.

```suggestion
4. The issue is queued in our backlog and will be addressed in a pull request or commit. The issue number will be
```
